miscellaneous,intermediate,
Which actor appeared on the show?
Bruce Willis,Will Smith,Mark Wahlberg,Ryan Reynolds,

miscellaneous,easy,
What is the name of the Theme song?
I'll Be There For You,You Got A Friend In Me,A Friend Is A Friend Till The End,Thank You For Being A Friend,

miscellaneous,hard,
Who is the artist of the Theme song?
The Rembrandts,Oasis,Smash Mouth,Soundgarden,

advanced,phoebe,
Which actor plays Phoebe?
Lisa Kudrow,Courtney Cox,Jane Sibbett,Jessica Hecht,

miscellaneous,easy,
Which character has a twin?
Phoebe,Ross,Chandler,Monica,

miscellaneous,intermediate,
Which character doesn't have any siblings?
Chandler,Ross,Monica,Rachel,

easy,ross,
Who is Ross's sibling?
Monica,Chandler,Rachel,Carol,

easy,ross,
What is ross's occupation?
paleontologist,dentist,actor,accountant,

easy,joey,
What is Joey's occupation?
actor,paleontologist,dentist,accountant,

miscellaneous,intermediate,
Who is Richard?
Monica's ex-boyfriend,Rachel's ex-boyfriend,Ross's brother,Ross's dad,

intermediate,5,
Who was last to find out about Monica and Chandler?
Ross,Joey,Phoebe,Rachel,

advanced,phoebe,5,
Who does Phoebe's obstetrician love?
Fonzie,Joey,Brad Pitt,Tigger,

advanced,joey,5,
Why does Joey break up with Katie?
She punches him too hard,she cheated on him,she ate of his food,she didn't show up to his play,

advanced,ross,5,
What is the name of the retiring handy man who worked in the building ross moved into?
Howard,Glen,Dan,Ben,

intermediate,joey,5,
How did Joey find out about Monica and Chandler?
Monica's eyelash curler,walks in on them,Ross tells him,He finds a picture,

easy,monica,chandler,4,
Where do Monica and Chandler first get together?
London,New York,California,Japan,

intermediate,ross,
How many times does Ross get divorced?
Three,Two,One,Four,

easy,ross,
What is the name of Ross's first wife?
Carol,Susan,Rachel,Emily,

easy,ross,1,
Why does Ross's first marriage fail?
Wife is a lesbian,Got married drunk in Vegas,Ross said the wrong name at the wedding,Ross cheated,

intermediate,ross,4,
Why did Ross's second marriage fail?
Ross said the wrong name at the wedding,Wife is a lesbian,Wife cheated,Ross cheated,

intermediate,rachel,1,
Who did Rachel leave at the alter?
Barry,Ross,Joey,Chad,

miscellaneous,easy,rachel,ross,8,
What is the name of Rachel and Ross's child?
Emma,Ben,Ruth,Chris,

miscellaneous,easy,ross,
What is the name of Ross's child?
Ben,Emma,Ruth,Chris,

advanced,ross,5,
What does Ross keep yelling as he's trying to get his couch up the stairs?
Pivot!,Lift!,No!,Move!,

miscellaneous,intermediate,
Which actor never appeared on the show?
Jim Carry,Brad Pitt,George Clooney,Robin Williams,

END